This is a gotcha one,
right here this use at least one API
within the portfolio, usually has one API.
When I'm saying this,
I'm like your portfolio is a project,
you want to showcase anything that
people would think about as a JavaScript
engineer, you wanna use that in
your portfolio, and APIs is one.
It's very easy to just
post your GitHub links,
it's more impactful to use the GitHub API
and bring your GitHub links and
GitHub repels in, right, so
that's what we're thinking about.
What's the more,
more impactful work, right?
We can show our pin repos, we can also
bring that pin work up via our GitHub API.
There are things that we can
do with that API, Spotify API,
show what you're listening
to right now on Spotify.
I don't do that because
I was in hardcore rap,
I don't want people thinking less than me.
But I'm also, like I'm 36,
so hardcore rap for
me is like Ice Cube before he hit kids and
stuff right [LAUGH] [INAUDIBLE]
>> No,
[LAUGH] one of my kids listen to that guy,
and
I am officially the discerning
father just shaking their heads,
saying you whipper-snappers don't
know what real music is [LAUGH].
I'm there, I'm that guy,
I'm sitting there,
shirt tucked in, shaking my head [LAUGH].
Just looking at them
judging their music like,
you don't understand what real music is,
all right, sure son, whatever.
>> Any tips for making our tracking GDP
are compliant or is that something that
the services we're using like
Google Analytics will take care of.
>> Google has done a lot of work of
making everything GDP are compliant, I do
recommend you focus on GDPR compliance as
well, thanks for your call-out on that.
Because that is how the GDPR compliance
even though it is UK feel focus.
It is very important everybody is
adopting, this is the way, right,
it's very Mandalorian on that.
But yeah, so GDPR is very important
when you're tracking, definitely highly
recommend, but definitely keep that up,
keep up those good questions.
So next one that we have,
I think I've said this before,
add a blog have I said that earlier but
for me, I'm gonna say that again,
it is a great supplement to your
portfolio that showcases you
know how to make it, so
that your project is very focused on CRUD.
You understand theming as well,
those are two things that I see and
you understand storage and databases.
So those are things that I'm automatically
gonna know when I see you have a blog
attached to your website, right?
>> So when you see a blog you mean
something that's like self-hosted not
using like medium or depth to-
>> Yes, that's what I mean.
>> All right?
>> I mean, on your portfolio is a
standalone internal on their self-hosted.
This should be a gimme, but I've seen
enough people still not doing it,
I put it on here, any way,
music responsive design,
make sure your portfolio looks great on
all devices, from desktops to smartphones.
You might need to go bigger
cuz you're technologists,
because people who see me in
tech as you see over there,
the giant long desk,
top monitors, we all have them.
So you might wanna see
how your website is, and
how the things you build look on large
monitors because that's, you know,
you never know when someone's gonna
put your product on the big screen,
and you're like, my goodness,
it looks so bad.
7000 bucks, 7000, [LAUGH] look,
I've been there you'll find out, and
also see how it looks on unusual
products as well, right?
How, if somebody's looking at
your product from a watch face or
something like, they can do that now?
There's some watch faces that can show
your website, and you're like, okay.
How does that look?
That's gross, I don't wanna do that, or
somebody decides they're
gonna put it on a Tamagotchi.
I've seen, I have a troop who figured
out how to use Audrino, an Audrino and
a Tamagotchi.
And like, welcome to the internet,
here we are, and I'm like, so that's how
Betsuko looks pixelated, that's great,
like, can you get off our website now?
So, please do that,
I'll see how it looks everywhere.